mcuboot: Compatibility setting for usign HMAC-256 with encryption (#28539)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bootloaders and DFU
===================

* Added:

>   * The hidden :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_MCUBOOT_ENCRYPTION_HMAC_SHA256` to allow selecting HMAC-SHA256, with X25519, for compatibility with existing projects that use it; the option is hidden and requires addition of Kconfig override in user project. This is intentional as HMAC-SHA512 is advised over HMAC-SHA256.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the hidden :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_MCUBOOT_ENCRYPTION_HMAC_SHA256` to select HMAC-SHA256 with X25519 for compatibility with existing projects that use it.
  The option is hidden and requires addition of Kconfig override in your project. 
  This is intentional as HMAC-SHA512 is recommended over HMAC-SHA256.
```
